c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.52.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.pdb
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.exe.config
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.exe
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.pdb
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.52.dll
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.Form1.resources
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.exe
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.pdb
D:\Telegram_Spam_Tools\Telegram_Spam_Tools\obj\Debug\Telegram_Spam_Tools.Resource1.resources
